docs: adding patterns docs for tools (#466)
gensx-inc/gensx: website/docs/src/content/patterns/tools.mdx

This guide will focus on the first option: using `GSXTool` and the `GSXChatCompletion` component for automated tool calling. The examples below show how to work with the [@gensx/openai](../component-reference/openai.mdx) package but you can follow a similar pattern with the [@gensx/anthropic](../component-reference/anthropic.mdx) package.

## Defining a tool

Start by defining the tool. A `GSXTool` contains four main pieces:

- `name`: The name of the tool
- `description`: A description of the tool
- `schema`: The schema of the tool, defined as a Zod object
- `run`: The function that will be called when the tool is invoked by an LLM

Here's an example of a basic weather tool with mocked functionality:

```tsx
import { GSXTool } from "@gensx/openai";
import { z } from "zod";

// Define the schema as a Zod object
const weatherSchema = z.object({
  location: z.string(),
});

// Use z.infer to get the type for our parameters
type WeatherParams = z.infer<typeof weatherSchema>;

// Create the tool with the correct type - using the schema type, not the inferred type

> const weatherTool = new GSXTool({
>   name: "get_weather",
>   description: "get the weather for a given location",
>   schema: weatherSchema,
>   run: async ({ location }: WeatherParams) => {
>     console.log("getting weather for", location);
>     const weather = ["sunny", "cloudy", "rainy", "snowy"];
>     return Promise.resolve({
>       weather: weather[Math.floor(Math.random() * weather.length)],
>     });
>   },
> });

Reviewer: I tihnk its worth mentioning that this can just be the params too:

```suggestion
const weatherTool: gensx.GSXToolParams = {
  name: "get_weather",
  description: "get the weather for a given location",
  schema: weatherSchema,
  run: async ({ location }: WeatherParams) => {
    console.log("getting weather for", location);
    const weather = ["sunny", "cloudy", "rainy", "snowy"];
    return Promise.resolve({
      weather: weather[Math.floor(Math.random() * weather.length)],
    });
  },
}
```

Reviewer 2: I think I missed that we changed this to ToolParams at some point. Should it be ToolProps, to be more consistent with naming conventions for the rest of the programming model ?

Author: Here's a PR for the rename assuming we decide to move forward with it: https://github.com/gensx-inc/gensx/pull/469

Author: also, added a note in the doc regarding Jeremy's original point
